ull job description
Truthfulness | Fairness | Value | Loyalty



As one of Canada's largest insurance providers, Western has more than 220 locations across Canada. With over 2,100 team members, our actions are anchored in our Guiding Principles, Truthfulness, Fairness, Value, and Loyalty. We take care to deliver the right insurance solution every time so our customers can live confidently.



Service Desk Analyst

Reporting to the Team Leader, User experience, the Service Desk Analyst I will be responsible for providing front-line support to end users to fulfill requests, resolve issues and restore services.


Here is what a typical day looks like

Provide first contact support for incidents and requests from end users
Prioritize, service, and complete incoming service tickets in a timely manner
Document end user incident and request details in tracking software
Provide applicable guidance to resolve end user incidents and requests within a standardized timeframe
Respond to calls, tickets, chats and walk-up requests for technical support from internal business partners
Escalate service tickets to impacted teams as required
The value you bring

1+ years of customer service experience in a high-volume environment
Education in Computer Science or related Technology field, or equivalent combination of education and experience is an asset
Organized and detailed orientated
Ability to multi-task, plan and prioritize incoming requests
Good working knowledge with computers and applicable tracking software
Strong verbal and written communication skills

Hours: Full-time / 37.5 hour/week. Monday to Friday with requirement to work a rotating Saturday shift
Location: In office - Winnipeg, Manitoba
Requisition # 81433

Salary: $40,500 - $55,000


What if I don’t meet every requirement?

If you’re excited about the role but your experience doesn’t check every box – we still encourage you to apply. You may be the right person for this role – or we might have another that suits you even better!

At Western, we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace in the communities we work and live in If you have questions or require accommodation, please reach out to us.


Health and Wellness

We take pride in providing programs that add value to our people’s lives – after all, they are our greatest asset. Eligible employees receive a competitive compensation package consisting of 3 weeks’ vacation, 14 wellness days, company matching investment and savings programs, and 100% employer-paid group benefits, including a health care spending account.


For over 20 years, supporting our local communities has been a part of everything we do – it’s engrained in our culture though the Western Financial Group Communities Foundation.

