Full job description
Requisition ID: 375394

Position Number: 20054948

Posting End Date: February 14, 2025

City: Winnipeg

Employer: Winnipeg Regional Health Authority

Site: Deer Lodge Centre - 2109 Portage Ave

Department / Unit: Dietary - DLC

Job Stream: Clinical Support

Union: CUPE

Anticipated Start Date: ASAP

FTE: 0.62

Anticipated Shift: Days;Evenings;Weekends

Work Arrangement: In Person

Daily Hours Worked: 6.00

Annual Base Hours: 2015

Salary: $22.888, $23.578, $24.284, $25.012, $25.762, $26.534


Grow your career in the Winnipeg Health Region! Our team provides a spectrum of health care services through an integrated network of sites, services and organizations. We’re united by a shared commitment to excellent and equitable health care.


Position Overview
Under the direction of the site Manager of Food Services or designate, the Supervisor of Food Service ensures a high quality of service by efficient operation and planning of work, supervision of food service areas, procurement of food products, participation in Quality Improvement programs, training and evaluation of food service employees and supportive tasks relating to approved methods of food service. The supervisor oversees the operation to ensure food is served, stored and transported at the proper temperatures. The supervisor also oversees the ware washing staff and equipment to ensure proper temperatures, chemicals and occupational health and safety standards are met.

Experience
Previous experience in food service.
2 years previous experience in a supervisory position preferably in a hospital or Long-Term care setting.
Experience with payroll and staff scheduling in a unionized environment.
Experience with CBORD considered an asset.
Education (Degree/Diploma/Certificate)
Complete high school education, Manitoba standards required.
Successful completion of a recognized Food Service Supervisor program or equivalent.
A combination of education and experience may be considered.
Certification/Licensure/Registration
Valid certification from a recognized Food Handler’s course.
Qualifications and Skills
Ability to prioritize workload and attend to department operations in a timely manner.
Ability to be flexible, and adapt and prioritize varying situations.
English reading, writing, and comprehension skills are required.
Microsoft office (Outlook, Word, and Excel) skills are required.
Excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills.
Conflict resolution and delegation skills.
Decision making and problem-solving skills.
Must have or be able to acquire, within a reasonable period of time, a thorough knowledge of occupational hazards, safety precautions and regulations applicable to the area of supervision.
Knowledge of CBORD computer software and computer keyboard skills considered an asset.
Knowledge and familiarity of standard dietary terminology.
Knowledge of HACCP (Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points).
Physical Requirements
Physical demands include walking, sitting, lifting and carrying.
Standing for prolonged periods of time on a daily basis.
Computer terminal work.
Dealing with employee conflict and general complaints from patients, residents and staff.
Exposure to noise >85 dBA, hearing protection may be required.
Exposure to chemical cleaning supplies.

This position requires a current satisfactory Criminal Records Check (including Vulnerable Sector Search), Child Abuse Registry Check and Adult Abuse Registry Check as conditions of employment. The successful candidate will be responsible for any service charges incurred. A security check is considered current if it was obtained no more than six (6) months prior to the start of employment.


Please note that an employee is not permitted to hold two or more positions across the WRHA legal entity that combine to equal more than 1.0 EFT. The WRHA legal entity includes Churchill Health Centre, Deer Lodge Centre, Golden West Centennial Lodge, Grace Hospital, Middlechurch Home of Winnipeg, Pan Am Clinic, River Park Gardens, Victoria General Hospital, WRHA corporate programs, and WRHA community health services.


Interviewed candidates may be called upon to participate in a skills assessment.


Any application received after the closing time will not be included in the competition.


We welcome applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request during the assessment and selection process.